DataGrid 'export': add information about PDF (#3670)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxDataGrid/1 Configuration/export/export.md

    ---

3. **Export the DataGrid**   

>     Implement the [onExporting](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDataGrid/1%20Configuration/onExporting.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onExporting') handler and call the **excelExporter**.[exportDataGrid(options)](/api-reference/50%20Common/utils/excelExporter/exportDataGrid(options).md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/excelExporter/#exportDataGridoptions') or **pdfExporter**.[exportDataGrid(options)](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/pdfExporter/#exportDataGridoptions) method in it. In the code below, this method exports the DataGrid as is, but you can use [ExcelExportDataGridProps](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/ExcelExportDataGridProps '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/ExcelExportDataGridProps/')/[PdfExportDataGridProps](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/) to configure export settings. The DataGrid is exported to an Excel worksheet/PDF document. To save the Excel document, call the FileSaver's **saveAs** method. The `e.cancel` parameter disables the deprecated built-in export implementation with fewer capabilities. To save the PDF document, call the jsPDF's **save** method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Implement the [onExporting](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDataGrid/1%20Configuration/onExporting.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onExporting') handler and call the **excelExporter**.[exportDataGrid(options)](/api-reference/50%20Common/utils/excelExporter/exportDataGrid(options).md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/excelExporter/#exportDataGridoptions') or **pdfExporter**.[exportDataGrid(options)](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/pdfExporter/#exportDataGridoptions) method. In the code below, the **exportDataGrid** method exports the DataGrid as is. You can use [ExcelExportDataGridProps](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/ExcelExportDataGridProps '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/ExcelExportDataGridProps/')/[PdfExportDataGridProps](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/) to configure export settings. The DataGrid exports its data to an Excel worksheet or a PDF document. To save the Excel document, call the FileSaver's **saveAs** method. The `e.cancel` parameter disables the deprecated built-in export implementation with fewer capabilities. To save the PDF document, call the jsPDF's **save** method.
```

        import Button from 'devextreme-react/button';
        import { jsPDF } from 'jspdf';
        import { exportDataGrid as exportDataGridToPdf } from 'devextreme/pdf_exporter';
        export default function App() {
            const dataGridRef = useRef(null);
            function exportGrid() {
                const doc = new jsPDF();
                const dataGrid = dataGridRef.current.instance;
                exportDataGridToPdf({
                    jsPDFDocument: doc,
                    component: dataGrid
                }).then(() => {
                    doc.save('Customers.pdf');
                });
            }
            return (
                <React.Fragment>
                    <div>
                        <Button ...
                            onClick={exportGrid}
                        />
                        <DataGrid ...
                            ref={dataGridRef}
                            >
                            {/* ... */}
                        </DataGrid>
                    </div>
                </React.Fragment>
            );
        }

    ---     

The following restrictions apply when users export DataGrid:   

> - Only XLSX an PDF files are supported out of the box. To export DataGrid to CSV, call the **excelExporter**.[exportDataGrid(options)](/api-reference/50%20Common/utils/excelExporter/exportDataGrid(options).md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/excelExporter/#exportDataGridoptions') method as shown in the [formats](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/export/#formats) property example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Only XLSX and PDF files are supported out of the box. To export DataGrid to CSV, call the **excelExporter**.[exportDataGrid(options)](/api-reference/50%20Common/utils/excelExporter/exportDataGrid(options).md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/excelExporter/#exportDataGridoptions') method as shown in the [formats](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/export/#formats) property example.
```

- [Group rows](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDataGrid/6%20Row/rowType.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Row/#rowType') are always exported in an expanded state and the [isExpanded](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDataGrid/6%20Row/isExpanded.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Row/#isExpanded') property is ignored.

> - Customizations made in the [cellTemplate](/api-reference/_hidden/dxDataGridColumn/cellTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#cellTemplate'), [groupCellTemplate](/api-reference/_hidden/dxDataGridColumn/groupCellTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#groupCellTemplate'), [headerCellTemplate](/api-reference/_hidden/dxDataGridColumn/headerCellTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#headerCellTemplate'), and [dataRowTemplate](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDataGrid/1%20Configuration/dataRowTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#dataRowTemplate') are omitted, but you can recreate them in the exported file. Use the **excelExporter**.[customizeCell](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/ExcelExportDataGridProps/customizeCell.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/ExcelExportDataGridProps/#customizeCell') or **pdfExporter**.[customizeCell](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/#customizeCell) function to do this. Refer to the following demos for more information: [Excel Cell Customization](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DataGrid/ExcelJSCellCustomization/), [PDF Cell Customization](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DataGrid/PDFCellCustomization/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Customizations made in the [cellTemplate](/api-reference/_hidden/dxDataGridColumn/cellTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#cellTemplate'), [groupCellTemplate](/api-reference/_hidden/dxDataGridColumn/groupCellTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#groupCellTemplate'), [headerCellTemplate](/api-reference/_hidden/dxDataGridColumn/headerCellTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#headerCellTemplate'), and [dataRowTemplate](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDataGrid/1%20Configuration/dataRowTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#dataRowTemplate') are omitted, but you can recreate them in the exported file. For this purpose, use the **excelExporter**.[customizeCell](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/ExcelExportDataGridProps/customizeCell.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/ExcelExportDataGridProps/#customizeCell') or **pdfExporter**.[customizeCell](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/#customizeCell) function. Refer to the following demos for more information: [Excel Cell Customization](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DataGrid/ExcelJSCellCustomization/), [PDF Cell Customization](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DataGrid/PDFCellCustomization/).
```
